# Are You Sure You Want To Be A Content Creator? (What it's actually like)

| Field       | Value |
|-------------|-------|
| **Channel** | Modern Millie |
| **Video ID**| [ie3Nrz9AuSU](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ie3Nrz9AuSU) |
| **Published**| 2026-05-27 |
| **Language**| en |
| **Fetched** | 2026-06-09T05:49:04.661882+00:00 |

## Description

 What does a real week in the life of a content creator actually look like? In this video, I’m taking you behind the scenes of my 6-hour workdays balancing content creation, running a business, motherhood, and training for a triathlon, sharing how I manage my time, make money, and what it truly takes to run a creator business day-to-day.

If you want help with your content strategy and turning ideas into actual videos, I’ve been using the Stanley app to simplify scripting and planning. You can ch

---

 ## Transcript

 I was at book club when my friend of over 20 years asked me, "What do you actually do for work as a content creator?" You could say I was surprised that somebody I saw every month didn't actually understand what a day in the life of a content creator looked like. And I'm not talking the cutesy aesthetic Instagram life we see online. I mean, for real. And if somebody I know personally didn't fully understand, then that means there's probably other people wondering the same thing. What does running a creator business look like? How do you make money? what is the real day-to-day balancing a business, being a mom, and training for a triathlon? So, I thought I would show you, but here are the rules. Rule number one, I have to vlog every day, Monday through Friday. Rule number two, I have to keep my workday within 6 hours or else I won't be able to make it home in time for dinner, and that is my favorite time of day to be with my family. And rule number three, I can't miss a workout because if I do, I have to bring my trainer a coffee and I can't have caffeine for that day. So, let's get this week started. Good morning. Happy Monday. This morning, I woke up around 5:00 a.m. Got ready for the day. Came downstairs, did some laundry, made some breakfast, had breakfast. Then, I like to play this game called how much can I get done before baby wakes up. It's a race to the finish line. Baby Jay slept for 12 hours, and he has never in the history of his entire life had a 12-hour stretch. After I had my breakfast, I made my simple syrup iced latte. Tied it up downstairs, unloaded the dishwasher, even did some meal prep for John, made his overnight oats, and it's just this weird feeling where now that I'm starting work, it's like I feel guilty for not doing more. Every Monday is a call day for me. Today I have four calls. There is a fifth one that is up in the air. It is currently 9:30 and my first meeting starts at 9:30, but I just texted her and was like, "Hey, can I give you a call in a few minutes because I need to record my vlog intro. I need to hang up so I could get in on this call and get started with our Monday." Even though every Monday is a call day, every call day looks completely different. Some days I have team meetings, some days it's open Q&As's for my Slack students. Today I had a call with an interior designer. She's going to completely redo my office. I also had a Zen Pilot call. I've actually been working with them for the past few months. They are completely helping us revamp our internal systems and SOPs. I also had a quick call with my digital business manager, Megan. She is my right-hand woman. Usually around noon, I'll schedule like a 30 minute break with my meetings so that I could get lunch in and watch a YouTube video, kind of chill for a few minutes before jumping into more calls. Today I only had one more call and it was a meeting with Google. I will not be able to share what the call was about, but it was very fun and I was excited to be connected with them. Okay, it's officially 1:30. I am done with my meetings for the day, which means I have about an hour and a half to wrap up work. So, the rest of the day, let's focus on admin. I'll try to get some steps in while replying to emails, Slack messages. I also have been making a list of things that need to get done or have been in the back of my mind. So, I want to at least schedule those throughout the rest of the week so that leaving work today, I am at peace knowing that those things I'll get to them. I'm currently replying to a BSP Slack student. Since joining BSP, she's gone from 131 followers to over 30,000 followers 4 months later. Her biggest question is, when making a serious push from scale to profit, where would my time be most valuable? whether nurturing my audience to get views back ups, pushing harder for brand partnerships, or finally building a digital product. And the answer I would suggest, if you haven't built a digital product yet, build the digital product. You build it once, you get it set up so that while you go back to nurturing your audience and scaling your platforms, as you're getting those views to go back up, they're leading people to a digital product that's going to help you make money. So, I think I'll just do like a mile walk on the walking pad while I finish up these Slack messages. Before I knew it, it was 3:30, which meant my 6-hour workday had come to an end. I ended up not getting to anything that was on my list, which means I'll just save this for tomorrow. It's so funny how I can go into a workday every single day thinking that I could get done so much more than I actually get done. You would think I would learn by now what my actual capacity is in terms of how long it takes for me to get through tasks, but every day I end up thinking I could do 100 things and by the end of the day maybe two of those get done. The rest of the evening I was able to get my workout in while watching Survivor season 50. I got to have family time which is always so important for me in the evenings and prep for Tuesday. Hello. Good morning. Happy Tuesday. This morning, I thought, you know, if baby slept 12 hours the night before, he's probably going to sleep 12 hours again. So, I woke up at 5:30, did my usual morning routine, got ready, started laundry, lots of laundry, like lots and lots of laundry, and before I could even get a dent into the laundry, he woke up. But I really thought, you know, like maybe we've made it into this 12hour sleep zone and he's gonna sleep 12 hours and I'm gonna get so much done and I got nothing done. This morning we had breakfast together. I was working on perfecting my iced lemon poppy seed muffin recipe and then baby Jay and I hung out till our nanny got here. What I'm currently drinking, this is a decaf cold brew. Simply for the vibes Tuesday. What is on the agenda for today? Now, today is a little bit different because I actually have a hard cut off at 2:00 because my training session with my coach is at 3:00 today, but that means when I come home after my training session, I can probably squeeze in another hour of Slack messages probably at the end of the day. My plan for today is to work on course updates. I am working on course updates year round and that usually looks a little bit different depending on what our goals are for the course. Like last year was all new additions, new lessons. This year we are just working on updating all of our materials. Today I'm focusing on the build section of the course. I am going through the lessons and rescripting, rewriting so that we could go into filming, editing, and updating. I'm feeling a little bit of a lull with my energy. So that means I definitely need some food before moving forward with my course updates. I love doing pen to paper, especially for course updates. I feel like I'm able to see things a lot more clearly, but today I just was feel like I was always running out of time. Like for some reason, it feels like time is slipping away and just knowing that I have so many other things to do in the back of my mind. It was hard for me to be present and focus on my course. So by the time I left for training, I definitely was not feeling great with where I left things at with work. I was definitely feeling discouraged because I feel so far behind and I know that when I come back from training, I'm going to have so much more on my plate than what I wanted. I'm about 20 minutes early to my training session, so I thought I would get some work done and reply to some VSSP student Slack messages. I think that was just what I needed. The first message that I saw from a student is one who got a notification on Tik Tok today that she officially has access to Tik Tok shop because she hit 1,000 followers on Tik Tok. That was just like a huge win, obviously for her, but like my student wins are my wins. So, already I'm in a better mood. Being able to get through those Slack messages before my workout definitely put me in a good headsp space going into my workout. I honestly don't know what it was that made me sign up for a triathlon. I think I just love having big goals and big things to work on. And even though I didn't have to do in-person training, I'm somebody that thrives off of accountability, which I think was also another reason I wanted to make sure my course had some sort of Slack access so that my students who have these big amazing goals of going full-time as content creators, they have that extra accountability from myself and my team. It was nice knowing that when I got home, all I had to do was schedule out a few podcast episodes and catch up on admin, which means our student of the day, Charmaine. She has officially made her first YouTube video. It's not live yet. We're working on the video packaging. So, she sent me the video in Slack with the proposed thumbnail. I watched her video and I think it's fantastic, by the way. And so, what we're doing right now is I want to revamp the thumbnail. I will upload it to Chat GBT and I'll ask ChatGBT to basically make the thumbnail for me. I think the biggest challenge for this video specifically is this video is not necessarily like three tips to blah blah blah blah blah. It's her sharing her story. And usually with people sharing their story, those don't drive a lot of clicks. You know, if people don't already know you, so we have to get them to care about her story without knowing who she is. But I think we we have a really good first thumbnail inspo. I'm ending the day feeling more accomplished than I thought I would be. My podcast is officially live, which sounds wild to say out loud. And it's funny how documenting through this vlog, I'm able to reflect a little bit more on my days. And I'm starting to see the commonalities between motherhood and being a business owner where you could go into the day having a plan, having an agenda, thinking you know how the day will look, but really anything can change. You do the same thing every day, but every day looks different. So, I guess we'll just have to see what tomorrow brings. Good morning. Happy Wednesday. Woke up today at around 5:30. Got ready for the day, jumped back into the laundry that I wasn't able to finish last night. After laundry, I went downstairs and started to make myself breakfast. And of course, once I had my breakfast made, Baby Jay woke up. Before I even took a bite, I went upstairs to grab baby to begin our day together. We played, had breakfast, and I got to experiment with a new coffee recipe I have not been able to stop thinking about. It's blueberry rosemary, which I know sounds wild, but I feel like it could work. And here I am with a second iced latte. Don't worry, this one's decaf. Not that you were worried, but I was. I think today is a film prep day. Every Friday I film, and every film day looks different. Today usually would be like another big script day, but I want to get a gauge on how much I have to film this Friday. And if it's going to be a lot, then I might want to distribute it between Thursday and Friday. I was able to script one full YouTube video on my walking pad while getting 2 miles in. And then I took a quick lunch break to get some fuel and then hop right back into finalizing the second YouTube script. So far, we have two YouTube video scripts ready for film day this Friday. And I was able to pick the podcast topic that I want to talk about next. So, technically three videos are ready to film for Friday now because we still have time. It's only 1:30, which means I have about an hour and a half more of work. I can still get some scripting in. So, I think I'm going to move on to short form. If you know me, you know that I actually don't love scripting my own short form content. I love YouTube so much. I would rather put all of my energy into YouTube. But lately, I've actually been really enjoying it because I've been using the Stanley app, which I feel like makes that scripting and strategizing so much easier and like I don't have to think about anything. It's like I already have my Instagram strategist doing all of the work. So, if you don't already use Stanley, basically what you can do is you can connect your Instagram directly to the Stanley app so that it has a full understanding of you, your niche, your brand voice, and it can give you clear strategy for how to grow. What I'm doing today is I'm actually scrolling on Instagram to find viral videos. And believe it or not, these viral videos, they're either in my niche or not in my niche. Then I'm sending that reel directly to Stanley so that in Stanley when I open my Stanley app, it's already there in my saved folders. So I'm going to open it up on Stanley and then press make it yours. Stanley is going to actually take the script from that viral video and rewrite it so that it fits me, my niche, and that's the script that I'm going to, of course, personalize, customize, so it's truly my teachings and end up filming for film day. Stanley has been a huge gamecher for me and my short form content strategy, and I honestly find it such a breeze. I'll be sure to leave a link to Stanley down below. And of course, thank you so much to Stanley for sponsoring this video. Now, we're getting into our student of the day. I guess that's just what we're calling it now. We are going to be answering Claire's question. She worked with a brand on a gifted collaboration 6 months ago. Now, they reached out and they actually want to pay her on a UGC campaign. So, they're messaging back and forth trying to come to an agreement on pricing and how much she should charge for this offer. They are looking for three short form videos. I believe from what I can understand, multiple hook variations. Also looking for 6 months of paid usage rights. Right now, the number that they are pitching in terms of pricing is $700 total for the full package, which is super undercharging. So, we're currently working on payment options for how she could work within their budget. Like, if 700 is their budget, this is what she can do within that realm. Or if they really want to keep those deliverables, this is going to be the price for that. Now, to be completely transparent, I do not always finish work at a perfect time and get all of my workouts in and always make it to family time. But I will say the cool thing that I love about running a creator business and why I'm so passionate to teach others to do the same is the flexibility that I do get with my schedule. If I feel like I need to or if I want to work longer days, I can. If I'm in a season where I'm training for a triathlon, I can. If I have to take a 4 month maternity leave so that I could be present as a new mom, I can. My schedule is nowhere near perfect, but I'm grateful that I have some element of control with it. I woke up at 5:30 again, which is not ideal. I like to wake up at 5 to have more time to myself because, of course, Baby Jay woke up at 6:00. When Baby Jay wakes up this early, I love getting out of the house. So, today I thought it'd be a great idea to go to a coffee shop. So, I open up Maps, pick one out. Even though Maps said they were open, they were closed. So, we waited around until they finally opened. got ourselves some breakfast, some lattes, and we're officially in that toddler stage where he does not want to sit and eat. He wants to run everywhere. When I finished eating, I was like, "You know what? Let's wrap this party up. Let's go home." But of course, when I put baby Jay in the car, he could not hang. And it got to the point where I just knew I needed to pull over and help calm him down. Luckily, we randomly came across this piano sitting right outside of a random shop, and he loved it. When he calmed down, we went home. But we got locked out. For some reason, I did not have the house key on my keys this morning. And when I went to the back door, the back door was locked, too. Now, I don't know why I tried the garage code because the garage code has not worked for months. But for some miracle, it worked. Because of how crazy my morning was, John was an angel sent from heaven above and brought me home a little sweet treat. Jumping into work. I think right now my brain is just a little bit flustered and I'm kind of all over the place. All I know is that I need to get my 10K steps in. So, I'm going to jump into work, see what we got to do. Once I had my bearings set, I kind of treated today as a general admin and catchup day. Because it's towards the end of the month, I wanted to do some end of month tasks like go through all of our brand collabs from this month, any that are complete, make sure that they've been invoiced and paid. And for my main team member who helps me with collabs, I want to make sure their commission is scheduled and paid out. Also, at the end of the month, I like to look at our upcoming month and see if we have any team members that have birthdays or work anniversaries to make sure that they are celebrated. And we do have two birthdays this upcoming month. So, I want to make sure gifts and celebration messages are scheduled. The rest of the day was catching up with inbox and team Slack messages. I didn't get to BSP Slack messages because I usually keep that for the last hour of the day. And because today I have another training sesh with my trainer at 3:00. I had to wrap up work a little bit early. So after strength training, we will go home and finish our BSP messages. Today's question that I wanted to answer was from my student Joanna. She posted her first funny, relatable Tik Tok today, and she enjoyed making that style of content, so she wants to make it more. So, the question is, what do you think about the trade-off between teaching something useful versus being entertaining in the first 3 seconds? Basically, my answer is there's no right or wrong approach. Both different styles of videos cater to a different type of user and person on the app. For example, if I'm going to start my video very educational and straightforward, being like, here's five tips for blah blah blah blah, that is perfect for those users who are scrolling on the app looking for that answer or are already interested in that topic. Whereas, when you create like funny, relatable content or inspirational content or any other value type of content, you're targeting a different type of person who's at a different part of their scroll. Maybe somebody isn't ready to be taught to or they don't want to be like preached to about a specific topic. So, you can still be funny, relatable, and I love that she asked this question because there's no right or wrong answer. It's just test test what works with your audience and also test to see what feels true to you to create. One of my favorite things is watching my students push themselves outside of their comfort zones because that is where the magic happens. Whether that's trying a new video format, finally taking the time to figure out an editing software that intimidates the heck out of you, or even filming yourself in public. To experience a new level of success, that means you have to do things you've never done before. And that's going to come with discomfort. I still am constantly hitting moments of discomfort, but now I just choose to lean into it. Happy Friday. Today is a film day. And before I tell you everything that we're going to be doing today, let's do a morning recap. On film days, this is probably the most important day for me to actually wake up early because it's a full makeup look, so I need time to be able to do my makeup and get ready before baby wakes up. Lady and I also got into a little bit of a fight this morning. She thought she could pee on baby's play area. I tried to stop it and it didn't work. Then we got into the usual. I unloaded the dishes, made myself breakfast, and for our morning iced latte. Today, I went with a salty mace. That's what I call it, salted maple. It's my go-to when I don't know what to have. I also did a little grocery check throughout the house and placed an Instacart order. Once baby Jay woke up, I made him breakfast. He's been helping me make breakfast lately, which I think is adorable. And while he was eating, our Instacart order got delivered. So, we wrapped up breakfast and he helped me put the groceries away. And now we're here. I am a batch gal. I prefer to batch film all of my content in a day if I can. Sometimes it'll be split between two days. This week I have a lighter load. So, what I'm going to do is I'm going to jump straight to my computer and I want to get my scripts ready before my partnership director gets here because I do have somebody come in person to help me with work sometimes. By prepping scripts, I just kind of do a final read through of each script, making sure that it's ready to film, and then put it into the proper ClickUp card so we could eventually plug it into my teleprompter. I'm just going to jump to my computer. I'm going to eat myself a breakfast burrito that John brought me, and we're going to get ready for Christian to get here. I pretty much only got the scripts ready before Christian got here, and then we went straight into film day, going over the different pieces of content that we needed to do, and then setting up for filming. Today my teleprompter wasn't working. So instead of using the remote, I would have to stand up and sit back down to pause and scroll through my teleprompter. But luckily, two of the YouTube videos that we filmed were more so screen recording tutorial type videos, so I didn't need the scripts too much. Before I film a YouTube video, I also film a thumbnail pose. So I do thumbnail poses for my team. And if you're wondering, yes, Christian sits there and listens to me film. And I feel so nervous sometimes having somebody sitting in there with me while I'm filming. But, you know, it's still got to get done. I got to get these videos done. So, I think I'm starting to kind of get used to having somebody in the room. It was definitely super nerve-wracking the first week, but it's getting more and more natural. After filming, Christian and I went over a few other upandcoming brand collaborations that might be in the works. So, he's just running a few things by me to see what we're interested in saying yes in, and if there's any offers that we want to either accept or reject from different brands that are pitching us. Some days, Christian will get the footage backed up and sent it off to video editors. Other days, I will. Today was one of those days where I started backing up the footage, and I will be sending them to the video editors. It is now 3:45. Do you see why I'm happy today was a rest day for my triathlon training? because I'm still going to be sitting here probably for the next 2 to 3 hours. Not only do I back up the footage and send them to the video editors, but I also have the scripts that get sent to the editors. And on the script, there's edit notes and I need to go through and make sure all of the edit notes are up to date so that when we get the first draft, we don't have to have too many back and forths. I still have to wrap up work for the rest of the day. So, what I still need to do is BSP Slack messages. And I'm also still vlogging, so I still have to like do the vlog footage, back everything up, get it organized. I'm actually going to be the one that edits this week in the life vlog. So, I'll be doing a bulk of the editing for this one since I already know the footage and kind of the flow of what the story line is going to be for this video. So, I'll probably take on the bulk of the editing and I'll probably be doing that next week. So, let's jump into Slack together and go over the final student of the day. Charmaine's asking about pitching to brands, which I love talking about brand collaborations, how long it takes to get a brand deal, best places to land a brand deal, which platforms work the best, all the things. Now, everyone's answer to this is going to be different depending on the coach and depending on who you talk to. Everyone has different experiences with different platforms. When it comes to pitching, one in every 10 pitches you'll likely get a response. So the conversion rate on pitching is a lot lower than the conversion rate for say catching a partnership. Now the difference pitching is obviously reaching out to the brand saying hey let's work together or I want to make a connection or do you have a PR list? You know you reach out to the brand. Catching is when a brand reaches out to you and you're catching their email and replying negotiating a deal from there. How long it takes to land a brand deal will will vary depending on the type of creator. Now there are platforms that help you land brand deals and these platform they're third-party platforms that are created to intentionally connect creators with brands for campaigns and for partnerships. When you are on those websites, your likelihood of getting a brand deal, whether paid or free, is a lot higher because you that's literally what the platform is for. So that's going to be the question in our student of the day. Now that it is almost 4:00, I am going to wrap up work and wrap up the rest of our week. Every week in the life of a content creator looks a little bit different, but there's one thing that always remains the same, and that's the why. Why I do what I do. Now, everyone's answer is going to be a little bit different to this question, and I feel like mine is kind of layered. I do what I do because I genuinely love it. Always wanted to be a YouTuber, and to be living that dream is something I never take for granted. I do this because I want to show my children what it looks like to pursue your dreams. I do this because it's the main way that supports me and my family. But really, I do this every day because of you, regular everyday people who are aspiring content creators. My students who continue to amaze me every single day. If what I do can make an impact in one person's life, whether small or large, I want to keep doing it. I'm so grateful for the job that I have and to be able to witness content creators following their joy.
