        # I've created 500+ videos | Here's my EXACT YouTube setup

        | Field       | Value |
        |-------------|-------|
        | **Channel** | Modern Millie |
        | **Video ID**| [ZCjF8mInUxM](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZCjF8mInUxM) |
        | **Published**| 2026-06-03 |
        | **Language**| en |
        | **Fetched** | 2026-06-09T05:48:51.974014+00:00 |

        ## Description

        After six years of creating Youtube content, I'm finally sharing my YouTube setup, gear, go-to's fav's, and all the things! 

Thanks to Storyblocks for sponsoring this video! Download unlimited stock media at one set price with Storyblocks ➡️ http://storyblocks.com/modernmillie  

Shop entire YouTube setup here: https://www.amazon.com/shop/itsmodernmillie/list/CKZO8UC0EFPK?ref_=aipsflist

TIMESTAMPS:
00:00 – 00:25 Intro
00:25 – 02:40 Lighting setup
02:40 – 03:40 Studio setup overview
03:40 – 05:

        ---

        ## Transcript

        I've made over 500 YouTube videos. So to say I've had my fair share of experience with gear would be an understatement. So after six years of creating, I want to show you the setup that I've landed on. And that's responsible for every single video that you see here on my channel. Now, because I'm talking about all of my YouTube gear, I'm actually not filming with any of the gear. I'm filming on my phone today so that I can show you the gear. As always, timestamps are below. Use them if you need them. Let's jump in. First, let's talk about my lighting setup. I have like three main lights that I use for every single one of my videos. This is like our power duo right here attached. We have the newer octagonal soft box. I think this is just like the biggest size with the diffuser attached. See? And then I also have another go dos here as like a backlight. When I first started making videos, we didn't have the biggest soft box. Ours was a little bit smaller because our apartment was smaller and we needed something compact that we could like store away easily. This just stays up and this is bigger, more surface area, just provides like more coverage evenly across my face. Now, I pair this key light with tada. This one is the GVM RGB LED light. The pairing of these two together when they face me, it's called clamshell lighting. That's when like I have my key light coming top to bottom and then I have a secondary light going bottom to top to kind of fill in the undershadows. This is specifically because of these under eye bags and my own self-conscious thoughts. So, over time, we've found that this clamshell light setup is my personal preference. It's a little bit brighter, airy. It's like the glam look that like a lot of maybe makeup artists or makeup YouTubers use. So, we actually put a white trash bag over this one as our diffuser. So, this setup is what's in front of me. As you can see, I like face the camera and I face this direction. And then as my backlight or behind me, I just add this one shining behind me. If I'm filming here, I'm just going to have this face me and then pretend this wall's not here. I'm going to just shine a backlight right there and then I would just be sitting here. Originally all of these were on their own tripod. Like this was on its own seaand. This was on a tripod. This was on a tripod and it was just too many things going on. So, John actually created this handy dandy rolling setup for me. So, now my setup just uses two seastands. And we have clamps that we bought separately, like the accessories for the clamps to connect the camera to the seastand, and then a clamp here to connect this light to the seaand. And the wheels were also an additional purchase, so we just added the wheels to the bottom of the seaand. Now, as a reminder, this is my setup that I've collected over the past six years. This is not where I started, okay? So, if you want more like starter gear recommendations, I do have my YouTube starter workbook that I'll link down below. It talks about everything you need to get started as a YouTuber in general. So, like starting your channel, gear starter kit, all the things. So, it's completely free. I'll be sure to leave it linked down below. Okay, now let's talk about my camera setup. My camera that I use is the Sony ZV E10. This is my baby. This was like my YouTuber purchase. I remember I hit a milestone. I think like once I hit 1,000 subscribers on YouTube or something, I was like, I'm going to buy myself a real YouTuber camera. And this was the camera that I bought. So, I have had this baby for like five or 6 years. And I love it. One of the biggest reasons I wanted to purchase it was because it had the flip out screen so that I could see myself when I was filming. It's also touchscreen and there's like a skin blur effect. You could do like soft, medium, or intense. I always just put it on the lowest softest setting, so it makes that clamshell lighting just look even more magical. I also liked that the camera offered interchangeable lenses so that I could switch up my lens depending on the type of video that I was going to film. Something else that I was looking for when looking for a new camera was a camera that could film for long periods of time because my camera before, I think it was a Canon, it would just like stop filming. Just like randomly stop. The battery was fine, but it would just stop filming and sometimes I would like yap and yap and yap and then I didn't know when it cut me off and it just caused a lot of issues. And this camera keeps up with my yap ses. Like when I filmed my 3-hour master class, this just stayed recording the whole time. when I record my course videos, it stays on. I have a battery that also like plugs into the camera and plugs into the wall, so I don't have to worry about like the battery dying when I'm doing longer videos, and it could just handle long film sessions. So, that was like a huge deal for me, too. Now, as a reminder, all the gear that I'm talking about will be linked down in the description below. I have an organized Amazon storefront with all of my YouTube creator gear. Now, in terms of vlogging content or filming extra B-roll or when I film my short form videos, I actually switch lenses for short form and I use this lens. So, this is the Tamron 11 to 22mm f2.8. This is just what I've always used for casual content like my vlogs or even my short form videos. And a lot of times when I would film my own B-roll for content or for YouTube videos, when I would film my own B-roll, this fixed crop wasn't always the best, and I wanted more variety of options. So, I would swap between these two often when I was filming my own B-roll. B-roll is just the clips that you see edited on top of my talking head content. So, while I'm talking in this video, you probably see close-up clips of a lot of the gear that I'm talking about. That's B-roll. that helps with the visual storytelling of your content. Now, I used to film all of my B-roll for my videos, but now 90% of the time, my B-roll I just get directly from Story Blocks. Honestly, I think I started subscribing to Story Blocks in 2021, and I have loved them and used them ever since. So, if you haven't heard of Story Blocks, they are an all-in-one stock media library with footage, music, and graphics to help creators tell better stories through video. I used to spend so much time bouncing between different websites trying to find music, sound effects, B-roll, or graphics when I was editing. Sometimes when I was in the middle of editing a video, I'd realized that I didn't get B-roll for a specific shot and then I'd have to have a whole other film day filming more B-roll and it just took up so much time. So, one day I was actually watching one of my favorite YouTubers, one of their videos, and it was sponsored by Storyblocks, and they were talking about Story Blocks, and I immediately signed up, and I've been using them for all of my editing asset needs since. What I really appreciate is that everything in the Storylocks library is made by actual filmmakers. They actually don't allow generative AI stock content in their library, which I know is so important to a lot of creators right now. Plus, you also get access to music and sound effects, which makes editing as a YouTuber feel super seamless, just having everything you need in one place. And if you edit in Premiere Pro or After Effects, which we'll talk about editing softwares a little later in this video, they also have templates and workflow tools that make your videos look more polished without having to build every graphic from scratch. And the best part is that you don't have to worry about licensing, which matters a lot when creating monetized content since everything is royaltyfree and cleared for YouTube videos, commercial work, client projects, and all of that. So, if you want to start telling better stories with the same tools that I use, go to storyblocks.com/modernilly. They're also offering a limited time discount for my audience only, available through my link. Huge thank you to Storyblocks for sponsoring this video. And now, let's get back to the setup. Now, let's talk about microphones. The only mic that I use for my YouTube videos and have always used is the Road Wireless Go mics. They have different serieses of the Road Wireless Go. So, I think this is like the original, but they have road wireless go twos or threes. And I just love this because one, it's wireless. So, is attached to me. Now, it comes with a clipon. So, you could clip it on like this, but I usually wear it. So, I'll just put it in my pocket and then I have double-sided sticky tape and I just tape it right under my clothes so that you can't see it in any of my videos. And it just works for everything for my long form content, for short form content, for vlogs because the quality is there. You don't have to be close to the camera. You could be walking throughout the room and it still picks up the same audio quality. So, that is always my go-to mic for YouTube. Now, the most common question I get asked about is my teleprompter, though. And before I tell you about my teleprompter, if you've learned something new so far, be sure to give this video a thumbs up since it's going to tell YouTube that other creators like yourself would find this video valuable. And if you learned two new things by the end of this video, consider subscribing since it's free way to support me, my channel, and it allows me to continue to create free content like this for you every single week. My teleprompter, this is the Padcaster Teleprompter. This is one of their like oldest versions. So, if you look at Padcaster gear, you might not see this exact one, but you see different variations of it. So, this is the Padcaster Parrot Teleprompter. And how it works is it comes with different rings that attach directly to your camera lens depending on your camera lens size. So, it has a bunch of these rings. My camera is 58 mm, so I'm going to just screw it on. And then I attach the teleprompter. So, now the teleprompter is attached. Then you download the Parrot teleprompter app and you put your script in the app. So we usually just script on Google Docs and I'll just copy paste everything over. Once your script is imported, you just flip it, attach your phone, put your phone on do not disturb, and then you use the Bluetooth remote to swipe through your teleprompter or to swipe through your script. So, I'll just sit with my remote and I'll press play and the script rolls. The script is projecting right on this screen here. So, it looks like I'm looking directly into the camera, but really I am reading my script. I read a script in almost all of my YouTube videos. You could go back, check them out. Maybe not this one, but check it out. I read a script in every single one of my videos. And this is the setup that I use. You could pause the script. You could rewind it. You could fast forward it. Any teleprompter has been a huge lifesaver. So, that was the main setup. We have lights, camera, gear, but that is not all the gear that is involved with being a YouTuber. There's equipment that supports the actual filming and post-p production. So, let's talk about that. Let's talk about storage and post-prouction gear. First thing that you'll probably be using when you're filming is an SD card. I currently use investment and I didn't get this until within like the last year. That's how much of an investment it was for me. But oh my gosh, am I obsessed with this. I think before the 1 TBTE one, I was doing a 128 gigabyte. If you're shooting 4K, it's just so important to have fast read speeds. So, I typically don't recommend anything under 128 GB for SD card sizes. If you do have smaller SD cards, which I did in the beginning, I had a few small ones that I would just kind of like rotate between when filming. I also had an SD card holder or like a little case and that would hold all of my SD cards. When I am done filming, I back up my footage in two phases. Phase one is active projects that I'm currently working on or I need to edit. They haven't been posted yet. I'm not done with them. any active projects. I'm going to first move everything I film over here. This is a portable SSD. This one is also the Sandis Creator Series. It's 4 TB. And a portable SSD is great to save your computer or laptop. Especially if you're editing directly off your computer or laptop and you find editing takes forever and you're like your computer is lagging, it's because you're just putting too much pressure on your computer or laptop for it to handle. And so once I got a portable SSD, I edited off of this. So I had it plugged into my computer and I did all of my editing with this plugged in and it made everything go so much faster. So any active projects that I'm working on and editing, they go here. Once I'm done, my video is posted. It is live. I don't have to touch it again. I'm going to move everything here over to my archive. This is the SanDisk creator desk drive. And I have been using it as like an archive for all of my content. So, this stores everything that I'm not using, raw footage, edited videos, projects, edited projects in like Adobe Premiere, course content, materials. It just stores my archive. Basically, it's just freeing up space from my SD cards. It's freeing up space in my SSD so that my SSD only has to worry about the pressure of active projects. Then I'll offload those over here. Now, you don't have to do this right away, but we actually have archives of our archives of our archives. So, this is like the main archive. Like, if it's modern Millie needs to quickly grab anything, it's right here. But this archive once at the end of the year we back up this archive to another archive that is like a shared archive with me and my husband and we just have doubles of everything because we have had hard drives fail on us before. Never SanDisk I will say no this is not sponsored by SanDisk but we've never had a SanDisk drive or anything fail on us. I think oh what was the other brand that failed on us? It was Western Digital. I believe we've had two Western Digital hard drives fail us and we've lost everything. And so now we don't do that anymore. I think now we use SanDisk and Seagate might be the other one. I'll have to check. It's like they're very heavy. I'm not going to get them out right now. I'll do it when I film B-roll. And then of course I feel like editing software might count as gear. So I do want to touch on what I started using versus what I use. Starting off I used Cap Cut. I felt like it was great for both mobile and desktop. It's really easy to use and I was scared to use anything Adobe. I don't know what it was, but mentally I was intimidated by any Adobe product. Now I actually prefer editing in Adobe Premiere Pro. My video editors use Adobe Premiere Pro. I use Adobe Premiere Pro for now short form and long form and my course content. For a long time I was like just in Cap Cut for short form and now I just I prefer sitting at my desk and editing there. So most everything I use is in Adobe Premiere Pro. Then of course when I'm editing any sort of effects or things that I need for like music, B-roll, footage, sound effects, assets, graphics, all of those things, I use Story Blocks. So that is my entire setup, like a walkthrough through my whole setup. If you have any questions, just let me know down in the comments. I'll be sure to link everything also in the video description. And I want to remind you, this is the setup that has taken me 6 years to get to. I didn't start here. I started on my phone, editing YouTube videos on my phone. So, don't think you need perfect equipment to get started. I think Ryan Treyan is a perfect example of just use what you have because he is like one of the biggest YouTubers and a majority of his videos you can see when you watch him back. He is filming on just an iPhone, a simple tripod, and a mic like this. Thank you so much for watching, and I will see you in the next one. Follow your joy. Bye.
